README.rst, before:

========
fcgiwrap
========
:Info:		Simple FastCGI wrapper for CGI scripts
:Homepage:	http://nginx.localdomain.pl/wiki/FcgiWrap
:Author:	Grzegorz Nosek <root@localdomain.pl>
:Contributors:	W-Mark Kubacki <wmark@hurrikane.de>
                Jordi Mallach <jordi@debian.org>
		Sam Trenholme (CentOS 6 port)


Features
========
 - very lightweight (84KB of private memory per instance)
 - fixes broken CR/LF in headers
 - handles environment in a sane way (CGI scripts get HTTP-related env. vars 
   from FastCGI parameters and inherit all the others from ``fcgiwrap``'s 
   environment)
 - no configuration, so you can run several sites off the same ``fcgiwrap`` 
   pool
 - passes CGI stderr output to ``fcgiwrap``'s stderr or FastCGI stderr stream

Installation
============

requirements
------------
``Makefile`` script is generated by configure

``fcgiwrap`` links to *dev-libs/fcgi* ; directions for adding this to
	CentOS 6 are in the file COMPILE.fcgi and there is a source code
	RPM for those who do not want to add the EPEL repo.

``fcgiwrap`` also uses (but not requires) ``systemd`` for socket activation.

procedure
---------
To install::

    ./configure
    make
    make install

*fcgiwrap* will be copied to ``/usr/local/sbin/fcgiwrap`` if you did not set
``--prefix`` for configure or ``DESTDIR`` for the makefile.

usage
-----
Most probably you will want ``fcgiwrap`` be launched by spawn-fcgi, which
is included here as the file spawn-fcgi-1.6.3-1.el6.src.rpm.  Directions
for installing are in the file COMPILE.fcgi

There are two modes of ``fcgiwrap`` operation:
 - when *SCRIPT_FILENAME* is set, its value is treated as the script name 
   and executed directly.
 - otherwise, *DOCUMENT_ROOT* and *SCRIPT_NAME* are concatenated and split 
   back again into the script name and *PATH_INFO*. For example, given a 
   *DOCUMENT_ROOT* of ``/www/cgi`` and *SCRIPT_NAME* of 
   ``/subdir/example.cgi/foobar``, ``fcgiwrap`` will execute 
   ``/www/cgi/subdir/example.cgi`` with *PATH_INFO* of ``/foobar`` (assuming 
   ``example.cgi`` exists and is executable).

Commit message:

Added CentOS 6 system startup script

README.rst, after:

========
fcgiwrap
========
:Info:		Simple FastCGI wrapper for CGI scripts
:Homepage:	http://nginx.localdomain.pl/wiki/FcgiWrap
:Author:	Grzegorz Nosek <root@localdomain.pl>
:Contributors:	W-Mark Kubacki <wmark@hurrikane.de>
                Jordi Mallach <jordi@debian.org>
		Sam Trenholme (CentOS 6 port)


Features
========
 - very lightweight (84KB of private memory per instance)
 - fixes broken CR/LF in headers
 - handles environment in a sane way (CGI scripts get HTTP-related env. vars 
   from FastCGI parameters and inherit all the others from ``fcgiwrap``'s 
   environment)
 - no configuration, so you can run several sites off the same ``fcgiwrap`` 
   pool
 - passes CGI stderr output to ``fcgiwrap``'s stderr or FastCGI stderr stream

Installation
============

requirements
------------
``Makefile`` script is generated by configure

``fcgiwrap`` links to *dev-libs/fcgi* ; directions for adding this to
	CentOS 6 are in the file COMPILE.fcgi and there is a source code
	RPM for those who do not want to add the EPEL repo.

``fcgiwrap`` also uses (but not requires) ``systemd`` for socket activation.

procedure
---------
To install::

    ./configure
    make
    make install

*fcgiwrap* will be copied to ``/usr/local/sbin/fcgiwrap`` if you did not set
``--prefix`` for configure or ``DESTDIR`` for the makefile.

system startup
--------------

A system startup script for CentOS 6 is included in the directory init.d/
here.  Note that newer distros of Linux use systemd, which uses a different
configuration format for starting daemons (services).

usage
-----
Most probably you will want ``fcgiwrap`` be launched by spawn-fcgi, which
is included here as the file spawn-fcgi-1.6.3-1.el6.src.rpm.  Directions
for installing are in the file COMPILE.fcgi

There are two modes of ``fcgiwrap`` operation:
 - when *SCRIPT_FILENAME* is set, its value is treated as the script name 
   and executed directly.
 - otherwise, *DOCUMENT_ROOT* and *SCRIPT_NAME* are concatenated and split 
   back again into the script name and *PATH_INFO*. For example, given a 
   *DOCUMENT_ROOT* of ``/www/cgi`` and *SCRIPT_NAME* of 
   ``/subdir/example.cgi/foobar``, ``fcgiwrap`` will execute 
   ``/www/cgi/subdir/example.cgi`` with *PATH_INFO* of ``/foobar`` (assuming 
   ``example.cgi`` exists and is executable).
